What is a security group in AWS?
What is a Elastic Network Interface in AWS?
What is a Network Access Control List in AWS?
What is the difference betweeen Network Access Control Lists (NACLs) and security Groups?
What is the difference betweeen ENI and security groups?
Can you use a security group as a firewall? If you can do that, how will that work?
What rules can you specify in a security group? 
How do inbound and outbound rules function in a security group?
How many security groups can be associated with an EC2 instance?
How do you create a security group?
How do you add rules to a security group?
Can you modify the rules of a security group associated with an instance while it's running?
How would you go about troubleshooting connectivity issues related to security groups?
How do you clone a security group in a different region or account?
Are security groups stateful? What does the stateful nature of security Groups impact their behavior? 
How do you remove a security group?
Can you apply a security group to instances in a VPC?
Can you apply more than one security group to a single EC2 instance? What happens if there are conflicting rules?
What is the default security group, and what rules does it contain? Where is the default security group coming from? Why do we need it?
Can you restrict security group access based on IP ranges? How do you do that?
Can you specify allow rules in a security group? What about deny rules? What is the benefit of this?
How does AWS handle rule evaluation when an instance belongs to multiple security Groups?
Can an ENI be attached to multiple EC2 instances simultaneously? Can I detach ENI from one instance and then attached to another? What is the benefit of this?
How do security groups work with ENIs in a VPC?
Is it possible to change the security groups associated with an ENI after it is created?
Can an ENI in one availability zone be attached to an EC2 instance in another availability zone?
What happens to the default ENI of an EC2 instance if the instance is terminated?
